Update global data process (#131)
noaa-oar-arl/canopy-app: README.md

**Global GFS meteorological and canopy files may be provided by request: `Patrick.C.Campbell@noaa.gov`**

> **For NOAA Hera users, global canopy files are availabe at `/scratch1/RDARCH/rda-arl-gpu/Wei-ting.Hung/Global_canopy/canopy_app_2022`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**For NOAA Hera users, daily global canopy files for 2022 at 12 UTC are available at `/scratch1/RDARCH/rda-arl-gpu/Wei-ting.Hung/Global_canopy/canopy_app_2022`**
**For GMU Hopper users, daily global canopy files for 2022 at 12 UTC are available at ``**
```
I notice that the global canopy files are not located in previous Hopper location:  /groups/ESS/whung/canopy_wind/gfsv16_test_data/test_2022/canopy*.  Where are these files now staged on Hopper, and can you please add the location above?  I would stage them similarly in what's included and directory structure as you have done for Hera.

Reviewer: Also I would move these lines down below my Gridding Machine comments.

Author: They are at the same location but I changed the filenames to be consistent with the updated python script.

**Global GFS meteorological and canopy files may be provided by request: `Patrick.C.Campbell@noaa.gov`**

> **For NOAA Hera users, daily global canopy files for 2022 at 12 UTC are available at `/scratch1/RDARCH/rda-arl-gpu/Wei-ting.Hung/Global_canopy/canopy_app_2022`**
> **For GMU Hopper users, daily global canopy files for 2022 at 12 UTC are available at `/groups/ESS/whung/canopy_wind/gfsv16_test_data/test_2022`**
> 
> Hourly gridded GFSv16 data is available from March 23, 2021 - Current Day and is supplemented by calculated and canopy parameters shown in Table 2.
> 
> **GriddingMachine:** GriddingMachine is open source database and software for Earth system modeling at global and regional scales.  Data is easily accessible in consistent formats for ease of downloading/processing.  All available datasets may be found at:  https://github.com/CliMA/GriddingMachine.jl. ([Wang et al., 2022](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41597-022-01346-x)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hourly gridded GFSv16 data is available from March 23, 2021 - Current Day and is supplemented by calculated and canopy parameters shown in Table 2.

**GriddingMachine:** GriddingMachine is open source database and software for Earth system modeling at global and regional scales.  Data is easily accessible in consistent formats for ease of downloading/processing.  All available datasets may be found at:  https://github.com/CliMA/GriddingMachine.jl. ([Wang et al., 2022](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41597-022-01346-x)).

**For NOAA Hera users, daily global canopy files for 2022 at 12 UTC are available at `/scratch1/RDARCH/rda-arl-gpu/Wei-ting.Hung/Global_canopy/canopy_app_2022`**
**For GMU Hopper users, daily global canopy files for 2022 at 12 UTC are available at `/groups/ESS/whung/canopy_wind/gfsv16_test_data/test_2022`**
```
